[UX] ProTip (#210)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/design/protip.rst

> ProTip template to enhancing user experience

Reviewer: If ProTip is going to come into our vocabulary, could you please add it to the .github/styles/config/vocabularies/Mautic/accept.txt file so it's recognised as a valid term? Thanks!

Author: Done!

============================================

> The ProTip template is a powerful feature that displays helpful tips to users, guiding them on how to use the platform like a pro. This template is implemented using Twig. Here's how this template works and how to effectively use it in Mautic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ProTip template is a powerful feature that displays helpful tips to Users, guiding them on how to use the platform like a pro. This template uses Twig. Here's how this template works and how to effectively use it in Mautic.
```

Vale fixes

> Template structure and functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template structure and available features
```
Maybe this works better?

Author: I would say that it's more about the functional part (in a sense of function, settings), than about features

------------------------------------

> The ProTip template is structured to conditionally render a tip when provided. Here's a breakdown of its key components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ProTip template conditionally renders a tip when provided. Here's a breakdown of its key components:
```

.. code-block:: twig

    {% if tip is defined and tip is not empty %}
    <div class="col-xs-12 ai-center mt-md mb-md">
        <div class="text-muted">
            <i class="ri-lightbulb-line ri-lg"></i>
            <span class="fw-b">{{ 'mautic.core.protip'|trans }}</span>
            {{ tip|trans|raw }}
        </div>
    </div>
    {% endif %}

> This template checks if a ``tip`` variable's defined and not empty. If these conditions are met, it renders a div containing the tip. The tip's displayed with a lightbulb icon, a "ProTip" label (translated), and the tip content itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template checks for the definition of a ``tip`` variable. If defined, it renders a div containing the tip. Mautic displays the tip with a bulb icon, a "ProTip" label - a translatable string - and the tip content itself.
```

The ``tip`` parameter's passed through Twig's ``trans`` filter, allowing for internationalization. The ``raw`` filter's also applied, enabling the use of HTML tags within the tip content. This is particularly useful for including elements like ``<kbd>`` tags to highlight keyboard shortcuts.

> To include a ProTip in Mautic, one can use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include a ProTip in Mautic, use the following syntax:
```

Author: Hmm, spell checker issues, it looks like "you" got replaced by "one"
i hope that's the only situation

.. code-block:: twig

    {{ include('@MauticCore/Helper/protip.html.twig', {tip: 'mautic.core.protip.contacts.view'}) }}

> In this example, the ProTip template's included and a translation key (``mautic.core.protip.contacts.view``) is passed as the tip content. This specific tip informs users about using the ``V`` key to switch between card and table views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, it includes the ProTip template, and a translation key (``mautic.core.protip.contacts.view``) is passed as the tip content. This specific tip informs Users about using the ``V`` key to switch between card and table views.
```

> The use of a translation key instead of a hardcoded string allows for easy localization of tips. It also promotes consistency across Mautic, as the same tip can be reused in multiple places by referencing its key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of a translation key instead of a hard-coded string allows for easy localization of tips. It also promotes consistency across Mautic, as the same tip can be reused in multiple places by referencing its key.
```

> Use the ProTip template to enhance the user experience of Mautic. These tips provide contextual help, highlighting shortcuts and features that users might otherwise overlook. It's important to keep tips concise, relevant, and actionable to maximize their effectiveness in guiding users to become power users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ProTip template to enhance the user experience of Mautic. These tips provide contextual help, highlighting shortcuts and features that Users might otherwise overlook. It's important to keep tips concise, relevant, and actionable to maximize their effectiveness in guiding Users to become 'Power Users'.
```
